Add documentation for online volume expansion (#826)
harvester/docs: docs/volume/edit-volume.md

## Expand a Volume

> Harvester supports `offline` volume expansion, as long as the underlying storage provider allows `volume resizing`. You can increase the `Size` of a volume when the associated VM is powered off or the volume is detached from the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harvester supports offline volume expansion, provided that the underlying storage provider supports volume resizing. You can increase the size of a volume when the associated virtual machine is powered off or when the volume is detached from the virtual machine.
```

![expand-volume](/img/v1.2/volume/expand-volume.png)

> ### Volume Online Expansion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Online Volume Expansion
```

_Available as of v1.6.0_

> Harvester supports expanding volumes while they are attached to a running VM or when the PVC is attached to a running pod in the guest cluster, eliminating the need for downtime.
> 
> Harvester provides `online expansion` support for `Longhorn` volumes and manages the differences between the `v1` and `v2` Longhorn engines. Currently, only the Longhorn v1 engine fully supports online volume expansion.
> 
> For third-party storage providers, Harvester rejects `online volume expansion` by default. Users must verify that their third-party storage provider supports online volume expansion and explicitly enable it in the [`csi-online-expand-validation`](../advanced/settings.md#csi-online-expand-validation) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize downtime, Harvester allows you to expand volumes that are attached to a running virtual machine or have a PVC that is attached to a running pod in the guest cluster. Depending on the underlying storage provider, you may need to take extra steps to use this feature.

- **Longhorn**: Harvester considers Longhorn to have support for online volume expansion, even if differences exist between versions of the Longhorn Data Engine. Currently, the V1 Data Engine fully supports online volume expansion, while the V2 Data Engine does not support volume expansion at all (regardless of the volume's attachment state).

- **Third-party storage**: Harvester rejects online volume expansion requests for third-party storage by default. If you have confirmed that your storage provider supports online volume expansion, you can use the [`csi-online-expand-validation`](../advanced/settings.md#csi-online-expand-validation) setting to mark that storage provider as validated.
```

![](/img/csi-online-expand-validation.png)

> :::note
> 
> Online resizing is not supported for hotplugged filesystem volumes. When a filesystem volume is bind-mounted in the `virt-launcher` pod, hotplugging a new filesystem volume triggers `NodeUnPublish` and `NodeUnstage` operations on the previous volume, which prevents further resizing.
> 
> Additionally, resizing a volume from the [VM Editing page](../vm/edit-vm.md) is disabled while the VM is running. This is due to current GUI limitations that prevent the frontend from accurately displaying the results of volume expansion. For more information, see the [enhancement ticket](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8669).
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info important

Online resizing of hotplugged filesystem volumes is not supported. When a filesystem volume is bind-mounted in the `virt-launcher` pod, hotplugging a new filesystem volume triggers `NodeUnPublish` and `NodeUnstage` operations on the previous volume, which prevents further resizing.

Additionally, you cannot use the [Edit Config](../vm/edit-vm.md) feature on the Harvester UI **Virtual Machines** screen to resize a volume while the virtual machine is running. Certain limitations prevent the current UI from accurately displaying the results of volume expansion operations. For more information, see [issue #8669](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8669).

:::
```
